welcome to Los Amigos in 1969 my mother
and father started los Amigos tortilla
manufacturing company in Atlanta Georgia
to this day we take pride in our
tortillas and also in our heritage my
father came from Mexico and my mother
from Guatemala which is why we
incorporate both national flags and our
logo las amigos has now been run by
second generation of our family and we
still take great pride in our authentic
stone-ground corn tortillas using the
same home recipe my parents used almost
40 years ago we are family owned and
operated business with the large
clientele and we have the capacity to
meet all of their tortilla needs we
still cook and grind our corn right here
on the premises and we always produce to
order on our state-of-the-art machines
we are one of the few tortilla
manufacturers continuing to this
tradition we pride ourselves on our high
quality tortillas in competitive prices
we're also best known for our corn
tortillas we buy both white and yellow
corn in bulk and stored in two large
silos located right outside our facility
our thousand pound cooking vats are
filled with corn water and lime the corn
is cooked using injected steam for 45
minutes and then steeped or soaked for 8
hours once the corn is cooled we wash it
and send it to the grinder our grinder
uses to traditional volcanic grinding
stones to make masa the masa is then
brought to the sheeter where it is then
cut and worked into tortillas at this
point the tortillas may be cooled
counted and stacked for bagging and
boxed to be shipped out right away or
they may be placed on trays for cutting
when they're cut stacks of tortillas are
fed through a cylinder with the
stationary blade the cut tortillas are
tumbled to avoid sticking and clumping
now they are tortilla chips and these
are then boxed weighed sealed and placed
on a pallet to be shipped out right away
we're also known for making the best
flour tortillas we get the flour in bulk
and store it in an indoor silo a large
mixer is loaded with flour and other
ingredients to create a 500 pound ball
of dough the massive ball of dough is
then moved to the dough rounder which
makes smaller dough balls each of these
dough balls will become one delicious
tortilla they become tortillas by being
Peru
and press between two hot plates then
baked and cooled once they're cooled the
flour tortillas accounted stacked bagged
and boxed to be shipped out right away
we make tortillas the old-fashioned way
using traditional techniques passed down
from generation to generation combined
with the state-of-the-art machinery our
dedication to the craft of making the
best tortillas can be experienced with
every bite whether it is our corn
tortillas chips or flour tortillas
we welcome school tours and visitors
please check our website and contact us
to schedule your visit our website is
wwm egos calm everyone here at Los
Amigos thanks to you for allowing us to
share our love for tortillas with you
you